OK so we left off the little cliffhanger which was we've inserted data.
How do we know that it actually worked.
And the main reason I made this a separate video is that it gives me a few seconds a separate opportunity
to talk about one of the main dilemmas behind figuring out how to best teach this contest which is that
pretty much everything in this course is related and interdependent.
A lot of it is.
So here's an example.
I'm showing you or I'm talking about inserting data but it's really not that great of a learning experience
unless you know how to view data.
But if I teach you to view data first without having you insert it there's nothing to view.
And so on.
So my approach is to try and teach things in isolation but then kind of bridge the gap and give sneak
previews when necessary.
So with all of that said I come from the future here with a sequel command you won't actually learn
learn officially until the next section.
So for now you can just copy this.
We were not going to talk about really what it does or how it works until the next section will dive
a lot more into the select statement.
But to view all of our data in any given table select star from the table names or select star from
cats and that's all I'm going to say about it for now.
Our priority is still focusing on creating and inserting data.
This is just going to help us check that it worked.
So let's try it.
We should have two cats in there.
Select star from cats.
And there we go.
We've got name and age of blue who is one and Draco who is 11.
And remember we inserted these in different orders so we did name and then age for blue and then we
did age followed by name for Draco.
So that's all there is to this.
We know that it works.
There's a lot more to using the select command.
Probably 30 percent of this course will be focused on selecting data and filtering and sorting it and
searching and all sorts of different ways of viewing data.
But for now this is a magic little shortcut.